crash-2024-05-02-06-37-38.log -> AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY Scanner 111 v1.0.0 
# FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR # 
# PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES # 
====================================================

Main Error: Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF88D0E293A dxgi.dll+00F293A	mov rax, [r8]
Detected Buffout 4 Version: Buffout 4 v1.31.1 Feb 28 2023 00:32:02 
* You have the latest version of Buffout 4! *

====================================================
CHECKING IF LOG MATCHES ANY KNOWN CRASH SUSPECTS...
====================================================
* NOTICE : MAIN ERROR REPORTS THAT A DLL FILE WAS INVOLVED IN THIS CRASH! * 
If that dll file belongs to a mod, that mod is a prime suspect for the crash. 
-----
# Checking for *[Input Crash]........... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1 # 
-----
# Checking for *[SS2 / WF Crash]........ SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1 # 
-----
# Checking for *[Looks Menu Crash]...... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1 # 
-----
* FOR DETAILED DESCRIPTIONS AND POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS TO ANY ABOVE DETECTED CRASH SUSPECTS *
* SEE: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17FzeIMJ256xE85XdjoPvv_Zi3C5uHeSTQh6wOZugs4c *

====================================================
CHECKING IF NECESSARY FILES/SETTINGS ARE CORRECT...
====================================================
* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS DISABLED. YOU CAN ENABLE IT TO DETECT PROBLEMS IN YOUR MOD & GAME FILES *
[ FCX Mode can be enabled in the Scanner 111 application settings. ]

✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 
-----
✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings!
-----
✔️ ArchiveLimit parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 
-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 
-----
* NOTICE : PipboyLightInvFix is disabled in your Buffout 4 settings, is this intentional? * 
-----
====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT CAN CAUSE FREQUENT CRASHES...
====================================================
====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT CONFLICT WITH OTHER MODS...
====================================================
# FOUND NO MODS THAT ARE INCOMPATIBLE OR CONFLICT WITH YOUR OTHER MODS # 

====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT HAVE SOLUTIONS & COMMUNITY PATCHES...
====================================================
====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT IF IMPORTANT PATCHES & FIXES ARE INSTALLED...
====================================================
====================================================
SCANNING THE LOG FOR SPECIFIC (POSSIBLE) SUSPECTS...
====================================================
# LIST OF (POSSIBLE) PLUGIN SUSPECTS #
The following PLUGINS were found in the CRASH STACK:
- companions use companion perk overhaul.esp | 2

[Last number counts how many times each Plugin Suspect shows up in the crash log.]
These Plugins were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be responsible for this crash.
You can try disabling these plugins and check if the game still crashes, though this method can be unreliable.



# LIST OF (POSSIBLE) FORM ID SUSPECTS #
* COULDN'T FIND ANY FORM ID SUSPECTS *


# LIST OF DETECTED (NAMED) RECORDS #
- (void* -> sl.common.dll+0045EE2	mov rbx, [rsp+0x60]) | 1
- (void* -> sl.common.dll+004F50B	mov eax, esi) | 1
- (void* -> sl.dlss_g.dll+0022086	jmp 0x00007FF8843720EC) | 1
- (void* -> sl.dlss_g.dll+0022F2D	mov rcx, rbx) | 1
- (void* -> sl.dlss_g.dll+0026FB0	push rdi) | 1
- (void* -> sl.dlss_g.dll+00277FD	xor eax, eax) | 1
- (void* -> sl.interposer.dll+00247CA	add rsp, 0x98) | 1
- EditorID: "_AudioCategoryMaster" | 1
- EditorID: "Codsworth1Ref" | 1
- EditorID: "PrestonGarveyRef" | 1
- GetFullName: "$Master" | 1
- Name: "shadow scene node" | 2
- Name: "WorldRoot Node" | 1
- RTTIName: "SceneGraph" | 1
- RTTIName: "ShadowSceneNode" | 1

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.



FOR FULL LIST OF MODS THAT CAUSE PROBLEMS, THEIR ALTERNATIVES AND DETAILED SOLUTIONS
VISIT THE BUFFOUT 4 CRASH ARTICLE: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/articles/3115
===============================================================================
Scanner 111 by evildarkarchon | Support: https://discord.gg/pF9U5FmD6w
Scanner 111 was inspired by CLASSIC, originally developed by Poet (guidance.of.grace): https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
CONTRIBUTORS to CLASSIC: evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael
Scanner 111 | https://github.com/evildarkarchon/Scanner111
Scanner 111 v1.0.0 | 25.08.15 | END OF AUTOSCAN 
