crash-2024-08-25-11-03-22.log -> AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v7.35.0 
# FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR # 
# PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES # 
====================================================

Main Error: Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF64BB1A512 Fallout4.exe+1B9A512	lock dec dword ptr [rcx+0x08]
Detected Buffout 4 Version: Buffout 4 v1.35.1 Jul  5 2024 20:37:23 
* You have the latest version of Buffout 4! *

====================================================
CHECKING IF LOG MATCHES ANY KNOWN CRASH SUSPECTS...
====================================================
# Checking for Mesh (NIF) Crash.............. SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 4 # 
-----
# Checking for Body Physics Crash............ SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 4 # 
-----
# Checking for Player Character Crash........ SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 3 # 
-----
# Checking for *[Looks Menu Crash]........... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1 # 
-----
* FOR DETAILED DESCRIPTIONS AND POSSIBLE SOLUTIONS TO ANY ABOVE DETECTED CRASH SUSPECTS *
* SEE: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17FzeIMJ256xE85XdjoPvv_Zi3C5uHeSTQh6wOZugs4c *

====================================================
CHECKING IF NECESSARY FILES/SETTINGS ARE CORRECT...
====================================================
* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS DISABLED. YOU CAN ENABLE IT TO DETECT PROBLEMS IN YOUR MOD & GAME FILES * 
[ FCX Mode can be enabled in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml located in your CLASSIC folder. ] 

✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 
-----
✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!
-----
✔️ Havok Memory System parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!
-----
✔️ BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!
-----
✔️ Scaleform Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!
-----
✔️ Small Block Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!
-----
✔️ ArchiveLimit parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 
-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 
-----
====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT CAN CAUSE FREQUENT CRASHES...
====================================================
====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT CONFLICT WITH OTHER MODS...
====================================================
# FOUND NO MODS THAT ARE INCOMPATIBLE OR CONFLICT WITH YOUR OTHER MODS # 

====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT HAVE SOLUTIONS & COMMUNITY PATCHES...
====================================================
[!] FOUND : [22] Homemaker
    - Causes a crash while scrolling over Military / BoS fences in the Settlement Menu.
      Advised Fix: Make sure you are using at least version 1.73 of this mod.
      Alternate Fix: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/41434?tab=files
    -----
[!] FOUND : [37] Looks Menu Customization Compendium
    - If you are getting broken hair colors, install this mod and make sure it loads after LMCC.
      Mod Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/18287?tab=files
    -----
[!] FOUND : [94] Natural And Atmospheric Commonwealth
    - If you notice weird looking skin tones with either NAC or NACX, install this patch.
      Patch Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/57052?tab=files
    -----
[!] FOUND : [FE179] Rusty Face Fix
    - Make sure you have the latest 2.0 version installed or try the REDUX Version instead.
      Original Rusty Face Fix: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/31028?tab=files
      Alternative REDUX Version: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/64270?tab=files
    -----
# [!] CAUTION : FOUND PROBLEMATIC MODS WITH SOLUTIONS AND COMMUNITY PATCHES # 
[Due to limitations, CLASSIC will show warnings for some mods even if fixes or patches are already installed.] 
[To hide these warnings, you can add their plugin names to the CLASSIC Ignore.yaml file. ONE PLUGIN PER LINE.] 

====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT ARE PATCHED THROUGH OPC INSTALLER...
====================================================
# FOUND NO PROBLEMATIC MODS THAT ARE ALREADY PATCHED THROUGH THE OPC INSTALLER # 

====================================================
CHECKING FOR MODS THAT IF IMPORTANT PATCHES & FIXES ARE INSTALLED...
====================================================
✔️ Canary Save File Monitor is installed!

✔️ High FPS Physics Fix is installed!

✔️ Previs Repair Pack (PRP) is installed!

✔️ Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch is installed!

✔️ Nvidia Weapon Debris Fix is installed!

====================================================
SCANNING THE LOG FOR SPECIFIC (POSSIBLE) SUSPECTS...
====================================================
# LIST OF (POSSIBLE) PLUGIN SUSPECTS #
The following PLUGINS were found in the CRASH STACK:
- diversewasteland.esp | 4
- diversewastelandimmersionpack.esp | 2
- x-cell-fo4.dll | 2

[Last number counts how many times each Plugin Suspect shows up in the crash log.]
These Plugins were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be responsible for this crash.
You can try disabling these plugins and check if the game still crashes, though this method can be unreliable.


# LIST OF (POSSIBLE) FORM ID SUSPECTS #
* COULDN'T FIND ANY FORM ID SUSPECTS *


# LIST OF DETECTED (NAMED) RECORDS #
- (void* -> x-cell-fo4.dll+0010460	mov rbx, [rsp+0xB0]) | 1
- (void* -> x-cell-fo4.dll+0019D55	movzx eax, bl) | 1
- EditorID: "SkinHandGhoulMale" | 1
- GetFullName: "Concord Volunteer" | 2
- GetFullName: "Settler" | 1
- Name: "BSFaceGenNiNodeSkinned" | 5
- Name: "BaseMaleHands3rd:0" | 16
- Name: "Bone_Cloth_L_001" | 3
- Name: "Bone_Cloth_L_002" | 2
- Name: "COM" | 4
- Name: "COM_Override" | 4
- Name: "Chest" | 2
- Name: "DLC04MaleEyesGhoulGlowing" | 2
- Name: "Head" | 2
- Name: "Neck" | 1
- Name: "RArm_Collarbone" | 1
- Name: "RArm_ForeArm1" | 1
- Name: "RArm_ForeArm2" | 1
- Name: "RArm_ForeArm3" | 1
- Name: "RArm_Hand" | 2
- Name: "RArm_UpperArm" | 1
- Name: "Root" | 8
- Name: "SPINE1" | 4
- Name: "SPINE2" | 2
- Name: "Scene Root" | 14
- Name: "Spine1_skin" | 2
- Name: "skeleton.nif" | 39
- RTTIName: "BSDynamicTriShape" | 1
- RTTIName: "BSFaceGenNiNode" | 3
- RTTIName: "BSFadeNode" | 27
- RTTIName: "BSFlattenedBoneTree" | 6
- RTTIName: "BSSubIndexTriShape" | 8
- RTTIName: "NiNode" | 36

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

FOR FULL LIST OF MODS THAT CAUSE PROBLEMS, THEIR ALTERNATIVES AND DETAILED SOLUTIONS
VISIT THE BUFFOUT 4 CRASH ARTICLE: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/articles/3115
===============================================================================
Author/Made By: Poet (guidance.of.grace) | https://discord.gg/DfFYJtt8p4
CONTRIBUTORS | evildarkarchon | kittivelae | AtomicFallout757 | wxMichael
FO4 CLASSIC | https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/56255
CLASSIC v7.35.0 | 25.06.11 | END OF AUTOSCAN 
