# crash-2025-03-26-23-08-19.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v8.0.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF6A6675B45 Fallout4.exe+22E5B45	mov r8, [r13+0x48] 
  BSScaleformImageLoader::LoadProtocolImage(Scaleform::GFx::ImageCreateInfo&,Scaleform::String&)_22E5B45)

**Detected Buffout 4 Version:** Buffout 4 v1.37.0 Mar 12 2025 22:11:48

✅ *You have the latest version of Buffout 4!*

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for DLL Crash......................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 5** 

-----
- **Checking for MCM Crash......................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 3** 

-----
- **Checking for *[Input Crash].................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1** 

-----
- **Checking for *[SS2 / WF Crash]................................. SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1** 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS DISABLED. YOU CAN ENABLE IT TO DETECT PROBLEMS IN YOUR MOD & GAME FILES * 

[ FCX Mode can be enabled in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml located in your CLASSIC folder. ] 

### Checking for Settings-related Issues

✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
# ❌ CAUTION : X-Cell is installed, but MemoryManager parameter is set to TRUE # 
 FIX: Open Buffout 4's TOML file and change MemoryManager to FALSE, this prevents conflicts with X-Cell.

-----
# ❌ CAUTION : X-Cell is installed, but HavokMemorySystem parameter is set to TRUE # 
 FIX: Open Buffout 4's TOML file and change HavokMemorySystem to FALSE, this prevents conflicts with X-Cell.

-----
# ❌ CAUTION : X-Cell is installed, but BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap parameter is set to TRUE # 
 FIX: Open Buffout 4's TOML file and change BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap to FALSE, this prevents conflicts with X-Cell.

-----
# ❌ CAUTION : X-Cell is installed, but ScaleformAllocator parameter is set to TRUE # 
 FIX: Open Buffout 4's TOML file and change ScaleformAllocator to FALSE, this prevents conflicts with X-Cell.

-----
# ❌ CAUTION : X-Cell is installed, but SmallBlockAllocator parameter is set to TRUE # 
 FIX: Open Buffout 4's TOML file and change SmallBlockAllocator to FALSE, this prevents conflicts with X-Cell.

-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
### Checking for Named Records

- Name: "Textures\Interface\DLCBannerDLC01.DDS" | 2
- RTTIName: "NiTexture" | 2
- ScaleformMCM::GetMCMVersionCode*) | 3
- char*) "Textures\Interface\DLCBannerDLC01.dds" | 2
- void* -> steam_api64.dll+002FC50	adc ch, bh) | 1
- void* -> tier0_s64.dll+000A3E6	mov rbx, rax) | 1
- void* -> tier0_s64.dll+000A78B	jmp 0x00007FFBE8D2A7A1) | 1
- void* -> tier0_s64.dll+000C384	mov rbx, [rsp+0x40]) | 1
- void* -> tier0_s64.dll+000C4BE	test rax, rax) | 1
- void* -> tier0_s64.dll+00610F0	rcl byte ptr [rdi], 0x13) | 1

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v8.0.0
