# crash-2025-05-04-03-27-22.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v8.0.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF6AFCF1E9C Fallout4.exe+1D81E9C	jmp [rax+0x1A0] 
  bhkNPCollisionProxyObject::bhkNPCollisionProxyObject(bhkNPCollisionObject&,NiTransform&)_1D81E9C)

**Detected Buffout 4 Version:** Buffout 4 v1.37.0 Mar 12 2025 22:11:48

✅ *You have the latest version of Buffout 4!*

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for Mesh (NIF) Crash.................................. SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 4** 

-----
- **Checking for *[Looks Menu Crash]............................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1** 

-----
- **Checking for *[Precombines Crash].............................. SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 1** 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS DISABLED. YOU CAN ENABLE IT TO DETECT PROBLEMS IN YOUR MOD & GAME FILES * 

[ FCX Mode can be enabled in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml located in your CLASSIC folder. ] 

### Checking for Settings-related Issues

✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Havok Memory System parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ BSTextureStreamerLocalHeap parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Scaleform Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ Small Block Allocator parameter is correctly configured for use with X-Cell in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
✔️ F4EE (Looks Menu) parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
### Checking For Mods That HAVE SOLUTIONS

```
[!] FOUND : [4F] Looks Menu Customization Compendium
    - If you are getting broken hair colors, install this mod and make sure it loads after LMCC.
      Mod Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/18287?tab=files
    -----
```

```
[!] FOUND : [74] Natural And Atmospheric Commonwealth
    - If you notice weird looking skin tones with either NAC or NACX, install this patch.
      Patch Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/57052?tab=files
    -----
```

### Checking for Important Mods


✔️ Canary Save File Monitor is installed!


❌ High FPS Physics Fix is not installed!
This is a mandatory patch / fix that prevents game engine problems.
Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/44798?tab=files



✔️ Previs Repair Pack (PRP) is installed!


✔️ Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch is installed!


❌ Nvidia Weapon Debris Fix is not installed!
This is a mandatory patch / fix required for almost all Nvidia GPUs.
Link: https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/48078?tab=files


### Checking for Plugin-related Errors

The following PLUGINS were found in the CRASH STACK:
- ss2.esm | 10

[Last number counts how many times each Plugin Suspect shows up in the crash log.]
These Plugins were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be responsible for this crash.
You can try disabling these plugins and check if the game still crashes, though this method can be unreliable.

### Checking for Named Records

- Name: "ObjectLODRoot" | 6
- Name: "WorldRoot Node" | 6
- Name: "shadow scene node" | 6
- RTTIName: "BSFadeNode" | 6
- RTTIName: "BSMultiBoundNode" | 6
- RTTIName: "NiNode" | 12
- RTTIName: "SceneGraph" | 6
- RTTIName: "ShadowSceneNode" | 6

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v8.0.0
