# crash-2024-07-11-00-35-13.log
**AUTOSCAN REPORT GENERATED BY CLASSIC v8.0.0**

> **FOR BEST VIEWING EXPERIENCE OPEN THIS FILE IN NOTEPAD++ OR SIMILAR**

> **PLEASE READ EVERYTHING CAREFULLY AND BEWARE OF FALSE POSITIVES**

---

### Error Information

**Main Error:** Unhandled exception "EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION" at 0x7FF7C6488F6A Fallout4.exe+1AF8F6A	mov eax, [r8+0x0C]

**Detected Buffout 4 Version:** Buffout 4 v1.35.1 Jul  5 2024 20:37:23

***❌ WARNING: YOUR Buffout 4 IS OUTDATED! PLEASE UPDATE TO THE LATEST VERSION!***

---

### Checking for Known Crash Messages, Errors and Suspects

- **Checking for BA2 Limit Crash................................... SUSPECT FOUND! > Severity : 6** 

-----
* **ONE OR MORE SUSPECTS DETECTED! CHECK LOG ABOVE FOR MORE INFORMATION!** *

---

* NOTICE: FCX MODE IS DISABLED. YOU CAN ENABLE IT TO DETECT PROBLEMS IN YOUR MOD & GAME FILES * 

[ FCX Mode can be enabled in the exe or CLASSIC Settings.yaml located in your CLASSIC folder. ] 

### Checking for Settings-related Issues

✔️ Achievements parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings! 

-----
✔️ Memory Manager parameter is correctly configured in your Buffout 4 settings!

-----
# ❌ CAUTION : Looks Menu is installed, but F4EE parameter under [Compatibility] is set to FALSE # 
 FIX: Open Buffout 4's TOML file and change F4EE to TRUE, this prevents bugs and crashes from Looks Menu.

-----
### Checking for Named Records

- (char*) "ommonwealth\commonwealth.4.60.84.btr" | 2

[Last number counts how many times each Named Record shows up in the crash log.]
These records were caught by Buffout 4 and some of them might be related to this crash.
Named records should give extra info on involved game objects, record types or mod files.

---

### End of Report

Generated by CLASSIC v8.0.0
